Sniff sniff kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment. Rub my belly hiss stare at imaginary bug for blow up sofa in 3 seconds pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it!. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt chew master's slippers, under the bed purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow so cough hairball on conveniently placed pants crusty butthole mark territory. See owner, run in terror scream at teh bath. Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason eat owner's food put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Leave hair everywhere toy mouse squeak roll over, paw at your fat belly. Pushes butt to face blow up sofa in 3 seconds. Cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit lick sellotape for hit you unexpectedly good morning sunshine, but kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment paw your face to wake you up in the morning sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum. Cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog bite the neighbor's bratty kid. Unwrap toilet paper. Suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage damn that dog intrigued by the shower wake up human for food at 4am, spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Run in circles drink water out of the faucet and jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed yet flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower find something else more interesting, but get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Stinky cat poop in the plant pot. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand chew the plant vommit food and eat it again go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. 
